Update entrypoint (#2894)
ASFHyP3/hyp3: CHANGELOG.md

- Renamed the `AUTORIFT_ITS_LIVE` job spec to `ITS_LIVE_AUTORIFT` to better group the ITS_LIVE project specific job specs.
- Increase throughput for Cargill deployment by increasing max vCPUs to 6000 from 1600.
- OPERA DIST-S1 default parameters and memory allocated.

> - Updated OPERA DIST-S1 command due to entrypoint in docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated OPERA DIST-S1 command to match the entrypoint in the associated plugin (docker container).
```
